I have a hunch
It's up to you to believe it or not.
Mr. Ye?
You see
If we want to follow, it's definitely not a decimal sum
How about this?
Anyway, it's still early for this opening date.
Uh, let me think about it
It should be
I still have something to do at the company today.
Why don't I go first?
Sir, I'll take you
Don't say it, don't say it, don't say it
Boy, this is 1 million
Do you really want to buy stocks, Dad?
This opportunity to make money is missed one less
Don't worry.
No problem.
So much money in case there is any problem
I don't care.
You should at least keep the marriage money with Xuemei
If Xiaoxue follows you, we can't treat her badly.
Say I don't care
You don't care. That's your business.
Our Ye family can't give it away
Dad, why don't you do this?
I put 20,000 home
What else do you want? Walk into the house
What? Something happened to my son?
Mom, what's wrong with brother?
Your brother?
Today, I'm going to settle accounts with that trash surnamed Ye
He called someone to take him in
What should I do then?
The caller said
The guy who caught your brother has a lot of background
Now I want to save him
I can only go to the young master Wang introduced by an uncle
Mom, don't you know who Wang Kun is?
You asked me to beg him
I'm not going to beg him.
Do you want your brother to squat in it for the rest of his life?
What's more, you sleep with Wang Shao
No better than sleeping with that trash named Ye
At least you can have whatever you want
Mom had this choice when she was young
Gone long ago
Fine. I'll do it.